---
title: IBM Hack Day
author: ferdy
date: 2006-11-04T23:00:35+00:00
url: /blog/2006/11/05/ibm-hack-day/
b2006:
  - 11
bcategories:
  - IBM

---
Like [Yahoo][1], [IBM][2] is organizing a [Hack Day][3]. I wonder if this event will be a **open** hack day or it will be closed to IBM&#8217;ers. It will be nice to hack some of the IBM/Rational tools!

You could find more information about this event at [Kellypuffs blog][4].

**Updated**: this event will be held the week of Dec 11-15 and it&#8217;s an internal hack day.

 [1]: http://www.hackday.org/
 [2]: http://www.ibm.com/
 [3]: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Open_Hack_Day
 [4]: http://kellypuffs2.blogspot.com/search/label/hack%20day

## Comments

### Comment by kelly on 2006-11-05 00:17:10 +0000
Thanks for spreading the word! 

IBM held our first Hack Day last summer, a spur-of-the-moment activity generated by my post about Yahoo!&#8217;s Hack Day on my internal blog. In two weeks, we threw together a 1/2 day event with \* 57 entries \* 54 unique teams (some teams had multiple submissions) \* 64 unique IBMers participating (some had multiple entries)\* categories: 37 Programming, 16 Ideas, 4 Design

As we figure out where to go with this, it would be great to have an Open Hack Day event with participants outside of IBM, and that&#8217;s one of the options being considered. But my guess is that for December&#8217;s effort (jeez, that&#8217;s only a few weeks away) it will probably be an internal effort.

### Comment by xavier on 2006-12-06 14:20:41 +0000
Ferran, it is great for us IBMers to know that there is customer awareness of our Hack Day! 

Regarding next week&#8217;s hack day, please, do let us know any hacking ideas that you have: I bet that there will be hackers looking for projects (e.g. me :-)), and anything you suggest can ring someone&#8217;s bell.

And we can even take this one step further. Instead of the solo-hacking I did for the firts edition, I&#8217;m trying to assemble an IBM Barcelona team for next week; it will be hard, because year end is never easy, but I&#8217;ll try to bug some friends. Can we try to work together on this? Can we try to do a proof of concept of having customer involvement in ibm&#8217;s hack day? It won&#8217;t be easy to arrange, since we don&#8217;t have a lot of time, but I think that it is worth trying.

### Comment by Ferdy on 2006-12-06 18:40:53 +0000
Xavier, thanks a lot for your comment. I&#8217;ll send you a private email with some ideas.