---
title: WP-DOPPLR WordPress plugin
author: ferdy
date: 2007-10-09T20:52:07+00:00
url: /blog/2007/10/09/wp-dopplr/
b2007:
  - 10
bcategories:
  - Wordpress
btags:
  - dopplr
  - plugin
  - widget
  - Wordpress

---
WP-DOPPLR is a [WordPress][1] plugin that displays your [DOPPLR][2] travel information on your blog.

It can be used as a widget or directly as a PHP call in the theme.

See an example of how it works at the upper right panel (sidebar) of the [author&#8217;s page][3] on this blog.

### Installation

  1. Download [WP-DOPPLR][4].
  2. Decompress and upload the contents of the archive into /wp-content/plugins/.
  3. Activate the plugin on your WP Admin > Plugins page by clicking &#8216;Activate&#8217; at the left of the &#8216;WP-DOPPLR&#8217; row.
  4. Configure the plugin on your WP Admin > Settings > Dopplr page. You must sign in to your DOPPLR account in order to get an API key (URL provided).

### Usage

To use it, there are two options:

  * Add the WP-DOPPLR widget on your WP Admin > Appearance > Widgets page.
  * Add <?php wpdopplr_badge() ?> at the place in the theme you want the DOPPLR information to appear.

### License

This plugin is released under the [GPL][5].

This plugin is provided with absolutely no support or warranty.

### Version History

  * October 9 2007 &#8211; v1.0 
      * Initial release to the public.
  * October 14 2007 &#8211; v1.1 
      * Use the Dopplr AuthSub process.
  * January 13 2008 &#8211; v1.2 
      * Add new method future\_trips\_info.
      * Add new method local_time.
      * Add new option to display cities local time.
      * Cache Dopplr query results (Thanks to Boris Anthony for this suggestion).
  * November 5 2008 &#8211; v1.4 
      * Add new method past\_trips\_info.
      * Add new option to display past and future trips.
      * Add new option to display start and finish trip dates.
      * Add new option to modify the date and time format.
      * Add new option to display city colours.
      * Add new option to display countries.
  * June 10 2009 &#8211; v1.5 
      * Bug: Determine the correct wp-content directory.
  * September 14 2009 &#8211; v1.6 
      * Bug: Determine the correct local date & time.
      * Add new option to specify cities links.
      * Add new option to specify cities colour type.
      * Add new option to dismiss the API key.
      * Add new option to clear the cache contents.
      * Enhance settings and widget menu.
      * Enhance installation process (subdirectories allowed).
      * Translatable strings (internationalization).

### Frequently Asked Questions

  * Is this plugin the official DOPPLR blog badge? 
    No. Visit the [Dopplr badge for your blog][6] post to find out how to get the official DOPPLR blog badge.

  * Which are the plugin prerequisites? 
      * A [DOPPLR][2] account and an API Key.
      * WP-DOPPLR needs PHP version >= 5.1.0.
      * WP-DOPPLR uses [cURL][7] function calls, so your PHP installation must be compiled with cURL support.
  * Can I modify the widget look & feel? 
    The DOPPLR widget information is in a <div class=&#8221;wpdopplr&#8221;> &#8230; </div>. So to modify the look & feel more precisely, just set the css properties of .wpdopplr.

  * Can I customise the information that it is displayed? 
    If you are using the widget, you can not customize the information that it is displayed.
    
    If you are calling the plugin directly in you theme, you can use these PHP functions:
    
      * wpdopplr_badge(): prints your badge.
      * wpdopplr\_traveller\_info(): returns a text var with your current status.
      * wpdopplr\_local\_time(): returns a text var with the local time at your current location.
      * wpdopplr\_trips\_info(): returns an array with all your trips.
      * wpdopplr\_past\_trips_info(): returns an array with all your past trips.
      * wpdopplr\_future\_trips_info(): returns an array with all your future trips.

 [1]: http://wordpress.org/
 [2]: http://www.dopplr.com/
 [3]: http://www.rodenas.org/blog/about/
 [4]: http://wordpress.org/extend/plugins/wp-dopplr/
 [5]: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html
 [6]: http://blog.dopplr.com/index.php/2007/10/08/dopplr-badge-for-your-blog/
 [7]: http://curl.haxx.se/

## Comments

### Comment by RandyRdotNET on 2008-02-07 21:06:09 +0000
That&#8217;s pretty sweet. I might just have to use this one on my site!

### Comment by Dopplr Fan on 2008-05-25 01:05:55 +0000
I&#8217;m seeing an error when installing the plugin after &#8220;Before you get started, please sign in to your DOPPLR accout.&#8221; I log in, grant access, then the redirect (/wp-content/plugins/wp-dopplr.php?token=f214e79f2ce1fa4d7f82193f16316429) gives this error:

Warning: require_once(../../wp-config.php) [function.require-once]: failed to open stream: No such file or directory in /var/www/ericschlissel.com/wp-content/plugins/wp-dopplr/wp-dopplr.php on line 42

Fatal error: require\_once() [function.require]: Failed opening required &#8216;../../wp-config.php&#8217; (include\_path=&#8217;.:/usr/share/php:/usr/share/pear&#8217;) in /var/www/ericschlissel.com/wp-content/plugins/wp-dopplr/wp-dopplr.php on line 42

### Comment by Ferdy on 2008-05-27 13:15:04 +0000
Dopplr Fan, your wp-dopplr plugin file must be installed in the wp plugin&#8217;s directory (no subdirectories allowed).

### Comment by Christine Gilbert on 2008-10-23 20:52:29 +0000
Hello,

I really like this plug in, just a couple of things I wish it had. You can see it installed on my website on the sidebar.

1. The ability to show the dates in format other than month (MM/DD/YY would be great!)
  
2. The ability to show the city, country (I travel overseas constantly)
  
3. The ability to show past trips.

Are you still working on this? I love the dopplr site, but not many people use it. I was thinking about reviewing it on my site and linking to the plugin, but I&#8217;m not sure if it really work for what I want. It would be cool though if I could keep track of my travels in one place and have it update my website.

Anyway, thanks for writing this! You&#8217;re the only one working with dopplr that I can see.

Great work!

### Comment by Ferdy on 2008-11-05 01:21:23 +0000
Christine, check the latest 1.4 version. I&#8217;ve added your 3 wishes 😉

### Comment by baron on 2008-11-05 01:42:23 +0000
hi. Thanks for plugin

perfect.

Regards

### Comment by Roberto Scano on 2009-01-26 22:12:13 +0000
Hi, i&#8217;ve installed the plugin in my website but after coming back from the authorization token, this persist:

Before you get started, please sign in to your DOPPLR account.

and every time that I click, request one more time the authorization.

### Comment by Rolando on 2009-02-21 07:16:58 +0000
After I click on &#8216;sign in&#8217; from my WP 2.7.1 control panel, Dopplr authorizes a token key then is taken back to my site, but it comes back to a blank page, no error.

How can I get the authorization to stick?

### Comment by Teresa on 2009-03-03 23:46:31 +0000
I get a similar issue when I try to grant access from my Dopplr page &#8211; after clicking &#8216;grant access&#8217; it tries to redirect back to my WordPress, which gives this error:

Fatal error: Call to undefined function wp\_redirect() in /home/teresawa/public\_html/chigarden.com/testing/wp-content/plugins/wp-dopplr/wp-dopplr.php on line 53

I&#8217;ve checked that wp-includes/pluggable.php is uploaded properly, and the function is in there&#8230; what could be the issue?

### Comment by Teresa on 2009-03-03 23:54:20 +0000
Sorry, my bad &#8211; plugin file was in a subdirectory. All good now 🙂

### Comment by Dublin John on 2009-05-08 09:04:27 +0000
As we say in Ireland &#8216;There&#8217;s always room for one more&#8217;

### Comment by Kevin on 2009-07-23 07:53:52 +0000
Hey,
  
I love the idea of this plugin and am very excited to use it. Only trouble is, after I install the plugin and try to grant access to my doppler account, I just get a blank page after I click &#8220;grant access.&#8221; I don&#8217;t even get a warning, just a blank page. Any idea how to work around this?

### Comment by Kevin on 2009-07-24 01:46:23 +0000
nevermind, mine was also in a subdirectory. didn&#8217;t work when i used the automatic installation on wordpress, but works fine now. i&#8217;m just trying to figure out how to put the plugin directly in my theme. i type in into my sidebar, but get nothing. anyone know how to fix this?

### Comment by Kevin on 2009-07-25 02:40:33 +0000
OK, I have 2 problems with the plugin. One problem is that it always shows the wrong time by one hour. If the time is actually 5:00, it always says that it&#8217;s 4:00. The other problem is that when I input the php function into my theme sidebar, it only works when I input the php for the badge. I can&#8217;t input the php for just the status or just the time. Can anyone help me with either of these problems? I&#8217;d really appreciate it.

### Comment by Ferdy on 2009-07-26 00:01:18 +0000
Kevin, there&#8217;s a bug on the code as it doesn&#8217;t calculates the daylight savings. That&#8217;s the reason why it shows the wrong time. I&#8217;ll try to fix it in the next version. Regarding the status and local time, remember that these functions don&#8217;t print the results, so if you want to put it on your theme you must invoke them as &#8220;echo wpdopplr\_traveller\_info();&#8221;.

### Comment by Glenn on 2009-09-02 20:10:19 +0000
Is there any way to clear/flush the cache or make it try to update so I can get a new API key. I made a new dopplr account and want to point it at that account??

### Comment by Jimmy Tran on 2009-09-05 01:25:00 +0000
I&#8217;d like to be able to call the map of my current location or of my timeline. Possible?

### Comment by Ferdy on 2009-09-14 01:07:20 +0000
Glenn, upgrade to version 1.6. Now there&#8217;s an option to dismiss the API key.

### Comment by Ferdy on 2009-09-14 01:09:25 +0000
Jimmy Tran, not at this time, but added to the wish list.

### Comment by mochilero on 2009-09-24 00:34:07 +0000
Hi! Is there any chance to integrate this with WPML? I&#8217;ve got a two languages and two domains blog, and now WP-Dopplr Displays ALWAYS the info in Spanish -the domain main language.

Thank you, this plugin is perfect for me, and I prefer it over the official badge.

Oh! and +1 to the display map!

### Comment by Tim on 2009-10-12 08:54:59 +0000
Hi,

Just a couple more to add to the wishlist:

1. It would be great to have an option to show only city, only country, or both.
  
2. I&#8217;d like to be able to choose how many trips are displayed. At the moment it is showing nine trips, which takes up too much space in my sidebar.

Thanks so much,

Tim.

### Comment by Jessica on 2009-10-22 17:09:42 +0000
Hello,
  
This plugin is almost perfect for what I need. I would like for the dopplr updates to read as &#8220;The VanNess Vagabonds are&#8221; rather than &#8220;The VanNess Vagabonds is&#8221; as the blog is about us (my husband and I) traveling together. Is there anyway to change this?

### Comment by Thomas on 2010-03-23 01:15:04 +0000
Hi,
  
I just installed a fresh version of WordPress with the current version 2.9.2. Unfortunately, after activating wp-dopplr the whole website breaks. The admin interface returns only an empty page (source code is loaded to some point of javascript code) and the blog page only loads the header. After manually removing the plugin everything works fine again. I don&#8217;t see any error messages so far. Even had a look at the apache logs. So what could be the problem?

Best regards,
  
Thomas